Creative Commons Legal Code

CC0 1.0 Universal

    CREATIVE COMMONS CORPORATION IS NOT A LAW FIRM AND DOES NOT PROVIDE
    LEGAL SERVICES. DISTRIBUTION OF THIS DOCUMENT DOES NOT CREATE AN
    ATTORNEY-CLIENT RELATIONSHIP. CREATIVE COMMONS PROVIDES THIS
    INFORMATION ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS. CREATIVE COMMONS MAKES NO WARRANTIES
    REGARDING THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENT OR THE INFORMATION OR WORKS
    PROVIDED HEREUNDER, AND DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM
    THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENT OR THE INFORMATION OR WORKS PROVIDED
    HEREUNDER.

Statement of Purpose

The laws of most jurisdictions throughout the world automatically confer
exclusive Copyright and Related Rights (defined below) upon the creator and
subsequent owner(s) (each and all, an "owner") of an original work of authorship
and/or a database (each, a "Work").

Certain owners wish to permanently relinquish those rights to a Work for the
purpose of contributing to a commons of creative, cultural and scientific works
("Commons") that the public can reliably and without fear of later claims of
infringement build upon, modify, incorporate in other works, reuse and
redistribute as freely as possible in any form whatsoever and for any purposes,
including without limitation commercial purposes. These owners may contribute to
the Commons to promote the ideal of a free culture and the further production of
creative, cultural and scientific works, or to gain reputation or greater
distribution for their Work in part through the use and efforts of others.

For these and/or other purposes and motivations, and without any expectation of
additional consideration or compensation, the person associating CC0 with a Work
(the "Affirmer"), to the extent that he or she is an owner of Copyright and
Related Rights in the Work, voluntarily elects to apply CC0 to the Work and
publicly distribute the Work under its terms, with knowledge of his or her
Copyright and Related Rights in the Work and the meaning and intended legal
effect of CC0 on those rights.

1. Copyright and Related Rights. A Work made available under CC0 may be
   protected by copyright and related or neighboring rights ("Copyright and
   Related Rights"). Copyright and Related Rights include, but are not limited
   to, the following:

i. the right to reproduce, adapt, distribute, perform, display, communicate, and
translate a Work; ii. moral rights retained by the original author(s) and/or
performer(s); iii. publicity and privacy rights pertaining to a person's image
or likeness depicted in a Work; iv. rights protecting against unfair competition
in regards to a Work, subject to the limitations in paragraph 4(a), below; v.
rights protecting the extraction, dissemination, use and reuse of data in a
Work; vi. database rights (such as those arising under Directive 96/9/EC of the
European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 1996 on the legal protection
of databases, and under any national implementation thereof, including any
amended or successor version of such directive); and vii. other similar,
equivalent or corresponding rights throughout the world based on applicable law
or treaty, and any national implementations thereof.

2. Waiver. To the greatest extent permitted by, but not in contravention of,
   applicable law, Affirmer hereby overtly, fully, permanently, irrevocably and
   unconditionally waives, abandons, and surrenders all of Affirmer's Copyright
   and Related Rights and associated claims and causes of action, whether now
   known or unknown (including existing as well as future claims and causes of
   action), in the Work (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the maximum
   duration provided by applicable law or treaty (including future time
   extensions), (iii) in any current or future medium and for any number of
   copies, and (iv) for any purpose whatsoever, including without limitation
   commercial, advertising or promotional purposes (the "Waiver"). Affirmer
   makes the Waiver for the benefit of each member of the public at large and to
   the detriment of Affirmer's heirs and successors, fully intending that such
   Waiver shall not be subject to revocation, rescission, cancellation,
   termination, or any other legal or equitable action to disrupt the quiet
   enjoyment of the Work by the public as contemplated by Affirmer's express .

3. Public License Fallback. Should any part of the Waiver for any reason be
   judged legally invalid or ineffective under applicable law, then the Waiver
   shall be preserved to the maximum extent permitted taking into account
   Affirmer's express . In addition, to the extent the Waiver is so judged
   Affirmer hereby grants to each affected person a royalty-free, non
   transferable, non sublicensable, non exclusive, irrevocable and unconditional
   license to exercise Affirmer's Copyright and Related Rights in the Work (i)
   in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the maximum duration provided by
   applicable law or treaty (including future time extensions), (iii) in any
   current or future medium and for any number of copies, and (iv) for any
   purpose whatsoever, including without limitation commercial, advertising or
   promotional purposes (the "License"). The License shall be deemed effective
   as of the date CC0 was applied by Affirmer to the Work. Should any part of
   the License for any reason be judged legally invalid or ineffective under
   applicable law, such partial invalidity or ineffectiveness shall not
   invalidate the remainder of the License, and in such case Affirmer hereby
   affirms that he or she will not (i) exercise any of his or her remaining
   Copyright and Related Rights in the Work or (ii) assert any associated claims
   and causes of action with respect to the Work, in either case contrary to

4. Limitations and Disclaimers.

a. No trademark or patent rights held by Affirmer are waived, abandoned,
surrendered, licensed or otherwise affected by this document. b. Affirmer offers
the Work as-is and makes no representations or warranties of any kind concerning
the Work, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, including without limitation
warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non
infringement, or the absence of latent or other defects, accuracy, or the
present or absence of errors, whether or not discoverable, all to the greatest
extent permissible under applicable law. c. Affirmer disclaims responsibility
for clearing rights of other persons that may apply to the Work or any use
thereof, including without limitation any person's Copyright and Related Rights
in the Work. Further, Affirmer disclaims responsibility for obtaining any
necessary consents, permissions or other rights required for any use of the
Work. d. Affirmer understands and acknowledges that Creative Commons is not a
party to this document and has no duty or obligation with respect to this CC0 or
use of the Work.

---

Note: The above license applies only to the modifications made by PlayForm to
the original work. The original work is licensed under the following licenses
and is subject to its terms and conditions:

This license applies to the Gather Extension for Visual Studio Code product.  
This downloadable extension includes open source code available at the
https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-gather in addition to other packages and
features added by Microsoft as described in README.md.

MICROSOFT PRE-RELEASE SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS MICROSOFT GATHER EXTENSION FOR
VISUAL STUDIO CODE

These license terms are an agreement between you and Microsoft Corporation (or
one of its affiliates). They apply to the software named above and any Microsoft
services or software updates (except to the extent such services or updates are
accompanied by new or additional terms, in which case those different terms
apply prospectively and do not alter your or Microsoft’s rights relating to
pre-updated software or services). IF YOU COMPLY WITH THESE LICENSE TERMS, YOU
HAVE THE RIGHTS BELOW. BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS.

1.  INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS.

    a) General. You may install and use any number of copies of the software
    only with Microsoft Visual Studio, Visual Studio for Mac, Visual Studio
    Code, Azure DevOps, Team Foundation Server, and successor Microsoft products
    and services (collectively, the “Visual Studio Products and Services”) to
    develop and test your applications. b) Third Party Components. The software
    may include third party components with separate legal notices or governed
    by other agreements, as may be described in the ThirdPartyNotices file(s)
    accompanying the software. c) Included Microsoft Libraries. The software may
    include other Microsoft libraries. These license terms apply to those
    included libraries, if any, unless other license terms are provided with the
    other Microsoft libraries.

2.  PRE-RELEASE SOFTWARE. This software is a pre-release version. It may not
    operate correctly or work the way a final version will. Microsoft may change
    it for the final, commercial version. Microsoft is not obligated to provide
    maintenance, technical support or updates to you for the software.

3.  FEEDBACK. If you give feedback about the software to Microsoft, you give to
    Microsoft, without charge, the right to use, share and commercialize your
    feedback in any way and for any purpose. You will not give feedback that is
    subject to a license that requires Microsoft to license its software or
    documentation to third parties because we include your feedback in them.
    These rights survive this agreement.

4.  SCOPE OF LICENSE. The software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only
    gives you some rights to use the software. Microsoft reserves all other
    rights. For clarification Microsoft, or its licensors, retains ownership of
    all aspects of the software. Unless applicable law gives you more rights
    despite this limitation, you may use the software only as expressly
    permitted in this agreement. In doing so, you must comply with any technical
    limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways.
    For example, if Microsoft technically limits or disables extensibility for
    the software, you may not extend the software by, among other things,
    loading or injecting into the software any non-Microsoft add-ins, macros, or
    packages; modifying the software registry settings; or adding features or
    functionality equivalent to that found in Microsoft products and services.
    You may not:

        a)	work around any technical limitations in the software that only allow
            you to use it in certain ways;
        b)	reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, or otherwise
            attempt to derive the source code for the software, except and to the
            extent required by third party licensing terms governing use of certain
            open source components that may be included in the software;
        c)	remove, minimize, block, or modify any notices of Microsoft or its
            suppliers in the software;
        d)	use the software in any way that is against the law or to create or
            propagate malware; or
        e)	share, publish, distribute, or lease the software (except for any
            distributable code, subject to the terms above), provide the software as
            a stand-alone offering for others to use, or transfer the software or
            this agreement to any third party.

5.  DATA.

    a) Data Collection. The software may collect information about you and your
    use of the software, and send that to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this
    information to provide services and improve our products and services. You
    may opt-out of many of these scenarios, but not all, as described in the
    product documentation. There are also some features in the software that may
    enable you to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these
    features to enable data collection in your applications, you must comply
    with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of
    your applications. You can learn more about data collection and use in the
    help documentation and the privacy statement at https://aka.ms/privacy. Your
    use of the software operates as your consent to these practices. b)
    Processing of Personal Data. To the extent Microsoft is a processor or
    subprocessor of personal data in connection with the software, Microsoft
    makes the commitments in the European Union General Data Protection
    Regulation Terms of the Online Services Terms to all customers effective May
    25, 2018, at https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/gdpr.

6.  EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. You must comply with all domestic and international
    export laws and regulations that apply to the software, which include
    restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use. For further
    information on export restrictions, visit https://aka.ms/exporting.

7.  SUPPORT SERVICES. Microsoft is not obligated under this agreement to provide
    any support services for the software. Any support provided is “as is”,
    “with all faults”, and without warranty of any kind.

8.  ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This agreement, and any other terms Microsoft may provide
    for supplements, updates, or third-party applications, is the entire
    agreement for the software.

9.  APPLICABLE LAW AND PLACE TO RESOLVE DISPUTES. If you acquired the software
    in the United States or Canada, the laws of the state or province where you
    live (or, if a business, where your principal place of business is located)
    govern the interpretation of this agreement, claims for its breach, and all
    other claims (including consumer protection, unfair competition, and tort
    claims), regardless of conflict of laws principles. If you acquired the
    software in any other country, its laws apply. If U.S. federal jurisdiction
    exists, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the
    federal court in King County, Washington for all disputes heard in court. If
    not, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the
    Superior Court of King County, Washington for all disputes heard in court.

10. CONSUMER RIGHTS; REGIONAL VARIATIONS. This agreement describes certain legal
    rights. You may have other rights, including consumer rights, under the laws
    of your state or country. Separate and apart from your relationship with
    Microsoft, you may also have rights with respect to the party from which you
    acquired the software. This agreement does not change those other rights if
    the laws of your state or country do not permit it to do so. For example, if
    you acquired the software in one of the below regions, or mandatory country
    law applies, then the following provisions apply to you:

        a)	Australia. You have statutory guarantees under the Australian Consumer
            Law and nothing in this agreement is intended to affect those rights.
        b)	Canada. If you acquired this software in Canada, you may stop receiving
            updates by turning off the automatic update feature, disconnecting your
            device from the Internet (if and when you re-connect to the Internet,
            however, the software will resume checking for and installing updates),
            or uninstalling the software. The product documentation, if any, may
            also specify how to turn off updates for your specific device or
            software.
        c)	Germany and Austria.
            i.	Warranty. The properly licensed software will perform substantially
                as described in any Microsoft materials that accompany the software.
                However, Microsoft gives no contractual guarantee in relation to the
                licensed software.
            ii.	Limitation of Liability. In case of intentional conduct, gross
                negligence, claims based on the Product Liability Act, as well as,
                in case of death or personal or physical injury, Microsoft is liable
                according to the statutory law.
            Subject to the foregoing clause iii., Microsoft will only be liable for
            slight negligence if Microsoft is in breach of such material contractual
            obligations, the fulfillment of which facilitate the due performance of
            this agreement, the breach of which would endanger the purpose of this
            agreement and the compliance with which a party may constantly trust in
            (so-called "cardinal obligations"). In other cases of slight negligence,
            Microsoft will not be liable for slight negligence.

11. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED “AS IS.” YOU BEAR THE RISK
    OF USING IT. MICROSOFT GIVES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES, OR
    CONDITIONS. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS, MICROSOFT
    EXCLUDES ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
    PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

12. LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES. IF YOU HAVE ANY BASIS FOR RECOVERING
    DAMAGES DESPITE THE PRECEDING DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY, YOU CAN RECOVER FROM
    MICROSOFT AND ITS SUPPLIERS ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO U.S. $5.00. YOU CANNOT
    RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL,
    INDIRECT, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES.

This limitation applies to (a) anything related to the software, services,
content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party
applications; and (b) claims for breach of contract, warranty, guarantee, or
condition; strict liability, negligence, or other tort; or any other claim; in
each case to the extent permitted by applicable law. It also applies even if
Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages. The
above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your state, province,
or country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental,
consequential, or other damages.

Please note: As this software is distributed in Canada, some of the clauses in
this agreement are provided below in French.

Remarque: Ce logiciel étant distribué au Canada, certaines des clauses dans ce
contrat sont fournies ci-dessous en français.

EXONÉRATION DE GARANTIE. Le logiciel visé par une licence est offert «tel quel».
Toute utilisation de ce logiciel est à votre seule risque et péril. Microsoft
n’accorde aucune autre garantie expresse. Vous pouvez bénéficier de droits
additionnels en vertu du droit local sur la protection des consommateurs, que ce
contrat ne peut modifier. La ou elles sont permises par le droit locale, les
garanties implicites de qualité marchande, d’adéquation à un usage particulier
et d’absence de contrefaçon sont exclues.

LIMITATION DES DOMMAGES-INTÉRÊTS ET EXCLUSION DE RESPONSABILITÉ POUR LES
DOMMAGES. Vous pouvez obtenir de Microsoft et de ses fournisseurs une
indemnisation en cas de dommages directs uniquement à hauteur de 5,00 $ US. Vous
ne pouvez prétendre à aucune indemnisation pour les autres dommages, y compris
les dommages spéciaux, indirects ou accessoires et pertes de bénéfices.

Cette limitation concerne: • tout ce qui est relié au logiciel, aux services ou
au contenu (y compris le code) figurant sur des sites Internet tiers ou dans des
programmes tiers; et • les réclamations au titre de violation de contrat ou de
garantie, ou au titre de responsabilité stricte, de négligence ou d’une autre
faute dans la limite autorisée par la loi en vigueur.

Elle s’applique également, même si Microsoft connaissait ou devrait connaître
l’éventualité d’un tel dommage. Si votre pays n’autorise pas l’exclusion ou la
limitation de responsabilité pour les dommages indirects, accessoires ou de
quelque nature que ce soit, il se peut que la limitation ou l’exclusion
ci-dessus ne s’appliquera pas à votre égard.

EFFET JURIDIQUE. Le présent contrat décrit certains droits juridiques. Vous
pourriez avoir d’autres droits prévus par les lois de votre pays. Le présent
contrat ne modifie pas les droits que vous confèrent les lois de votre pays si
celles-ci ne le permettent pas.
